.\" In .TH, FOO should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" This template provided by Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.\" 
.TH START_URBACKUP_CLIENT 1 
.SH NAME
start_urbackup_client \- Starts the UrBackup client daemon process
.SH SYNOPSIS
Per defaults starts the UrBackup client as a daemon process with default parameters.
The parameters such logfile name and loglevel can be modified via command
line options.
.PP
.B start_urbackup_server
[
.B --no_daemon
]
[
.B --version
]
[
.B --help
]
[
.B --logfile
.I file
]
[
.B --loglevel
.I {debug|info|warn|error}
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Putting a newline after each sentence can generate better output.
This commands starts the UrBackup client daemon process. Urbackup is
a server for backing up clients via network. The client is started as
a daemon by default. Only few settings can be modified via command line
arguments to this script - mainly logging options.

Following options are available via command line:
.TP
.B no_daemon
UrBackup will not run as a daemon(background) process.
.TP
.B help
The available command line options will be printed.
.TP
.B version
The current UrBackup Client version will be printed.
.TP
.B logfile {file}
Specifies how the file in /var/log should be called in which UrBackup server
stores its log data
.TP
.B loglevel {debug|info|warn|error}
Specifies up to which severity log entries should be created in the log file.

.SH EXAMPLES
start_urbackup_client --loglevel debug

.SH FILES
.br
.nf
.\" set tabstop to longest possible filename, plus a wee bit
.ta \w'/usr/lib/perl/getopts.pl   'u
\fI/var/urbackup/	Database location
.SH BUGS
UrBackup Client will not shut down cleanly.
.SH AUTHOR
Martin Raiber