.\" In .TH, FOO should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" This template provided by Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.\" 
.TH START_URBACKUP_SERVER 1 
.SH NAME
start_urbackup_server \- Starts the UrBackup server process
.SH SYNOPSIS
Per defaults starts the UrBackup server as a daemon process with default parameters.
The parameters such as listening HTTP and FastCGI port can be modified via command
line options.
.PP
.B start_urbackup_server
[
.B --no_daemon
]
[
.B --version
]
[
.B --help
]
[
.B --fastcgi_port
.I port
]
[
.B --http_port
.I port
]
[
.B --logfile
.I file
]
[
.B --loglevel
.I {debug|info|warn|error}
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Putting a newline after each sentence can generate better output.
This commands starts the UrBackup server. A server for backing up clients
via a network. The server is started as a daemon by default. Only few
settings can be modified via command line arguments to this script -
mainly logging options and ports for the web interface. For all other
settings please use the web interface.

Following options are available via command line:
.TP
.B no_daemon
UrBackup will not run as a daemon(background) process.
.TP
.B help
The available command line options will be printed.
.TP
.B version
The current UrBackup Server version will be printed.
.TP
.B fastcgi_port {port}
Specifies the port on which the server will listen for FastCGI requests. E.g.
from apache web server.
.TP
.B http_port {port}
Specifies the port on which the server will listen for HTTP request. E.g.
from your web browser.
.TP
.B logfile {file}
Specifies how the file in /var/log should be called in which UrBackup server
stores its log data
.TP
.B loglevel {debug|info|warn|error}
Specifies up to which severity log entries should be created in the log file.

.SH EXAMPLES
start_urbackup_server --http_port 80 --loglevel debug
.SH ENVIRONMENT
UrBackup server uses the temporary directory quite heavily. If you do not have
enough space in the default location (/tmp) you should modify the temporary
directory location. E.g. by
export TMPDIR=/media/BIGDRIVE/tmp

.SH FILES
.br
.nf
.\" set tabstop to longest possible filename, plus a wee bit
.ta \w'/usr/lib/perl/getopts.pl   'u
\fI/var/urbackup/	Database and web interface files location
\fI/var/pychart/	Pychart component location
.SH CEVEATS
UrBackup server starts as user "urbackup" and as such has limited rights.
Please assure that urbackup has read/write rights on above locations, the 
specified backup folder and the temporary directory.
.SH BUGS
UrBackup Server will not shut down cleanly.
.SH AUTHOR
Martin Raiber